Put an end to this madness:
Retailers ramp up security after wave of robberies

Best Buy shoppers can expect to find more high-value merchandise behind locked shelves and a larger security presence in certain stores.

Along rodeo Frive in Beverly Hills, Califormia, a pair of private securtiy companies are patrolling the ritzy shopping district in response to attempted smash-and-grab robberies at Louis Vuitton and Saks Fifth Avenue stores las weekend.

Meanwhile, in San Francisco's Union Square, following a spate of thefts and vandalism last Friday night at nearly a dozen stores, including Louis Vuitton, Burberry and Bloomingdale's, city officals announced traffic patterns near high-end retailers had been readjusted so that thieves can't easily park, commit a robbery and then speed off.

"We will do what we need to do to put and end to this madness," San Franciscco Police Chief William Scott told reporters.

A lingering fear of coordinated large-scale robberies is rattling retailers, not only in citties like San Francisco, Los Angeles and Chicago, where videos of such thefts have gone viral, but in affluent suburbs not normally targeted involving tens of thousands of dollars worth of products.

Businesses, shoppings malls and law enforcement agancies are weighing which protective measures to take as customers begin packing sroes during the busiest shopping days ahead, including Black Friday, and in the midst of an economic backdrop of higher prices and shipping delays. Arecent survey by the research firm The NPD Group found that online sales are settling back to pre-pandemic levels and brick-and-mortar stores are regaining their share of the retail sales market as shoppers yearn to reutrn to the in-person experience.

The relative dearth of information about the new variant has some investors preparing for the possibility of a caccine-resistant starin, analysts said. That's led them to flee oil and commodities for safe havens such as gold and bonds.
We'll no doubt learn more in the days and weeks aheadbut for now, fear of the unknown will weigh heavily going into the weekend and could carry over into the next week

Investors have not forgotten how the delta variant rolled back months of progress earlier this year analysts say and are wary of losing the gains they have made since then
Wall Street has adopted a Sell first and s=ask questions later mentality

Friday's sell-off was deep and global
Europes'Stoxx 600 index plunged 3.7 percent, while the German DAX tanked 4.2 percent, and Britain's FTSE shed 3.6 percent. Japan's Nikkei Dropped 2.5 percent, and Hondkong's Hand Seng index was down nearly 2.7 percent
